A document can only have one <head> and <body> element, but each of these include other elements that fit within that category. <head> elements tell the browser and processor information about the HTML document, such as the title, author, and publication date, while <body> elements include structural and semantic markup to relay data that is rendered by the browser and displayed on the user's computer.

Structural markup is regarding the structure of a document and includes elements such as Headings, Paragraphs, Breaks, and Lists. Semantic markup is used to reinforce the meaning of the information by exhibiting text with enhancements such as bold, strong, italics, strikethrough and more.

My work cycle for this assignment went something like this. I first created the files and folders that I needed and added the four main document elements in index.html, but left them empty. I then searched online for the recipe that I wanted to use and saved an image from the website into the images folder. Next, I filled in my headings and title into the code in the document, added the image, and then began on the lists. To make both the ordered and unordered lists I copy and pasted the information into a word document and organized the text into a listed format. I then copy and pasted that into index.html under the appropriate heading. Next, I added the <ul></ul> and <ol></ol> code and the <li> code for the first item, and then copy and pasted the <li> code straight down the left side and the </li> code straight down the right side of each list. Lastly, I added the link to the original website and the contact information.
Throughout the entire assignment I had index.html opened in a chrome window and continuously refreshed it to check my work and make sure everything was looking how I wanted. I also referenced the course website module to find the necessary information to create the desired code.
