I've come across web forms for contacting companies, leaving reviews, purchasing products, registering for services, making appointments, taking quizzes, and during online courses.

Text may be used to recieve feedback, such as when someone leaves a review for a product or business online. Selection may be used when you want feedback from a user but want to limit the answers they may submit, such as when an organization needs to gather EEOC information on its employees. Buttons may be used to allow the user to search for information or submit information to the creator of the site.

For this assignment, I copy and pasted the four main elements into index.html and added the meta elements. I filled in the character set, description, author, and viewport items and added a title. Then, I added the heading, and the address element with the company's address and hours information. I added the email address, and then I created the table with the hours information. I ended up moving the email address underneath the table because I wanted the hours information all together on the webpage. I then added the style element to enhance the table and better organize the information. Lastly I created the form and the submit button. Throughout the entire assignment I had index.html opened in a chrome window and continuously refreshed it to check my work and make sure everything was looking how I wanted. I also referenced the course website module to find the necessary information to create the desired code.
